#summary Describes how to work with the settings page of the plugin.
#labels howto,settings

= Accessing the settings =

You can access the plugin settings by selecting "Tools > Manage plugins..." from the menu. This opens the "Options" window. In the tree view under "Plugins" (left hand side) you will find "Google Calendar export". Clicking this entry shows the settings of the plugin.

= Configuration =

== Setting your calendar ==
Before you can export to your calendar, you have to specify your "Calendar ID". Typically, you would use your Google Mail e-Mail address. If you have other calendars, you need to find out the exact ID on the settings page for that calendar. Details can be found at [http://hilfe.tvbrowser.org/viewtopic.php?f=42&t=17003&hilit=calendar+export&start=75] (in German).

== Setting title and body of the exported entry ==
The title and body of the exported entry are taken from the TV-Browser program information. You can use placeholders in curly brackets to access the properties of the program. Examples:
 * {title} - returns the title of the program
 * {description} - returns the description of the program
 * {shortInfo} - returns a summary of the program
 * {channel.name} - returns the name of the channel this program is broadcast on

You can find details on the properties of a program at [http://tvbrowser.org:8080/hudson/job/tvbrowser-3-unstable/javadoc/devplugin/Program.html]

Extended text field entries can be accessed by giving the field name. Examples:
 * {EPISODE_TYPE} - returns the episode title
 * {ORIGINAL_TITLE_TYPE} - returns the original language episode title 

You can find details on these extended text field properties of a program at [http://tvbrowser.org:8080/hudson/job/tvbrowser-3-unstable/javadoc/devplugin/ProgramFieldType.html]

Invalid placeholders result in their literal name, e.g. {invalid} returns "invalid". If a value is not present ("null"), and empty string will be used.

== Reminders ==
You can choose between having no reminder at all, using your calendar's defaults for reminders, or set a specific type (email, popup, sms), time and color for the entry.